README.md, before:

# live_green_live_happy
[Wells Fargo's Campus Analytics Challenge: Live Green and Live Happy ](https://www.mindsumo.com/contests/campus-analytics-challenge-2018?)

>One of Wells Fargo’s priorities is to promote environmental sustainability, which includes accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy. Taking individual actions can encourage collective responsibility to help achieve this. Using machine learning, create a data product to help individuals optimize the balance between their carbon footprint and quality of life.  The data gives a peek into the lives of 1,000 individuals who rated several everyday activities (taking a long shower, driving a car, etc.) on a scale of 1-100 based on how important those activities are to their daily lives.  

## Objective
The goal of this project is to create a machine learning algorithm that minimizes carbon footprint for each customer while maintaining their total quality of life. 

## Deliverables
- [ ] Written description of how the data product succeeds mathematically in minimizing an individual’s carbon footprint with minimal negative impact on their utility
- [ ] Explain why the data product created is a good example of machine learning in action
- [ ] General idea of how individuals would interface eg. a visual representation of the app
- [ ] Documented code that is operational and can be run using the data provided

## The Team
* Nick (@odintech3)
* Spandana (@spandanasudalagunta)
* Tina (@davinia1991)
* Prof. Murali Shanker (@mshanker1)

Commit message:

Removed word file of rules from repo, added a download link to it

README.md, after:

# live_green_live_happy
[Wells Fargo's Campus Analytics Challenge: Live Green and Live Happy ](https://www.mindsumo.com/contests/campus-analytics-challenge-2018?)

>One of Wells Fargo’s priorities is to promote environmental sustainability, which includes accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy. Taking individual actions can encourage collective responsibility to help achieve this. Using machine learning, create a data product to help individuals optimize the balance between their carbon footprint and quality of life.  The data gives a peek into the lives of 1,000 individuals who rated several everyday activities (taking a long shower, driving a car, etc.) on a scale of 1-100 based on how important those activities are to their daily lives.

## Objective
The goal of this project is to create a machine learning algorithm that minimizes carbon footprint for each customer while maintaining their total quality of life.

## Deliverables
- [ ] Written description of how the data product succeeds mathematically in minimizing an individual’s carbon footprint with minimal negative impact on their utility
- [ ] Explain why the data product created is a good example of machine learning in action
- [ ] General idea of how individuals would interface eg. a visual representation of the app
- [ ] Documented code that is operational and can be run using the data provided

__Rules of the Competition__
[Campus-Analytics-2018-Challenge-LONG-Rules-Final.docx](https://d18qs7yq39787j.cloudfront.net/uploads/contestfile/281/8d3b43eadc0e-Campus+Analytics+2018+Challenge+LONG+Rules+Final.docx)

## The Team
* Nick (@odintech3)
* Spandana (@spandanasudalagunta)
* Tina (@davinia1991)
* Prof. Murali Shanker (@mshanker1)
